--Milestone 4--

This Milestone allowed us to bring a lot of
our features together.

First, at the login screen, the user still
has the option to sign in as a Host or Voter.
If it is a new user, we implemented the "Confirm 
Password" attribute as well as some navigation buttons (e.g. Back)

Given the user logs in as a Host, we updated this 
route a lot. We implemented a "Logout" button for every
page so that the user can logout at any time.
We also moved the "Add New Event" button to the
top left corner because we figured it would be easier for the Host to see and access.

In the search bar, if the user searches by the full 
concert name, then that will be the only event that will
appear.

The interface we created for this page is a list
of concerts that displays: 
Concert Name (in bold), location, and Encore Start Time.
Beneath this information are the four encore song choices.

There are four buttons that the Host has control of:
Start Event, Stop Event, View Votes, and Delete Event.
Once the Host hits "Start Event," then the voting is open to
voting users and they can vote however long they want until the Host hits "Stop Event." In the meantime, the Host can view the votes that have been recorded thus far. 
We left the "Delete" button this milestone, but we are still working what to do with it because in reality, a Host shouldn't be allowed to delete any event.


Now, if the User logged in as a Voter, they will be brought to a similar screen. They will see the list of Events going on with the same display of concert name, location, time, etc. Once the Host starts the Event, a "Vote" button will appear and the Voter can vote for their Encore song which records and tallies it. Once the Host stops the Event, the Voter will no longer see a "Vote" button, but instead they will see a "Results" button that shows all voting results.
However, if the Event is neither started nor stopped, then there will be no button appearing yet.

For our the future in Milestone 5, we will work to add CSS and make it look fancier. We will fix any bugs and clean up our code.















